Here in the abdomen index instead of showing the list of articles like this for reading.
We want to display them in a list more suitable for administering them.
So let's change this list to a table.
We're still going to leap around a list of articles so we don't need to change the code or the tup that's
retrieving this data from the database so we can keep this for each loop instead of the UN ardith list.
So let's start a table then add a T head section with one column for now the article title far which
will use a t h element.
Then before the loop will start the T body element and after the loop will close that body element and
also the table.
We don't need 80 foot element so we can leave that out.
Then inside the loop for each article we'll create a table row so we'll change this list element to
a T R.
Inside the Veau we needed t d element.
We can remove the subheading element here and also this paragraph element and its contents as we don't
want to display the article content.
Only the title.
In the browser it looks like this.
A table containing the titles of all the articles will add some styling to the table later as we can
see from this message.
We're not currently logged in.
Let's restrict access to this page as we did with the new article page by simply calling the require
luggin method on the arth class at the top.
Now when we're not logged in we can't access this page.
If we do log in.
Then we can access the page.
Finally let's add a subheading before the data is displayed like that.
And there we have our list of articles for administrators.